and again it is correct in «Kumo»
Mastercard had that the ball especially sunny day of the people
Also always want to be in the sun during the summer holidays
And many a fine pass, this excursion is their only pet
Value would be
around the time
and the time of the summer holidays when the families and neighbors are there
huge increase
Yes, you find it so many animals are exposed many
People just think about their animal
at the fence of the project Fire 1
which at least gives me a little hope there is a little bit understood
stuck behind
but there are actually people who eat or drink animals in front of everyone
To expose things to summer at some rest area and yourself to them
leave
and the responsibility they have taken for the Animal NICs
just did not want to implement light it is
therefore
I hope you do not mind me thinking cannabis
I never really take offense but I do not want to be covered anymore
if I'm expecting so many of you I'm really peace
Thankful to subscribers I am very happy that he turns on numerous but
«I think that then a bit of my duty include
a little bit of flour
perhaps also to highlight more serious topics and Lechtingen too
Do not even think about it and maybe in
similar environment happens
so if you know the people
their role may have been planned without the one hand, perhaps
Carelessly they thought they could take a dog with them and it turns out
so that he can if he wishes and helmet can not hide
or simply when people say but this procedure will probably be something
we do with the capsule meier-Beck with the things that's impossible
is really
Sweating helps and little ones get wet he is I can not understand it though
if we know about such circumstances it is of course I think that
People that ever comes to mind
to put up with
There you will not do much Berlin is going on together I was on vacation
but
There are ways to do it differently and that's important
that these people are aware that this is not the only way out of the way, then
before your vacation trip
Hermann Kant of the plate One that i Revolutionary driving is simply ski region
translate
and everyone can have the family caring for the animal
Call the Animal Welfare Association to SID who have potential they explain how to do it
maybe you can solve it differently
therefore maybe in one
in the zoo here Martin Deitenbeck proximity recommend
but there are also plenty of opportunities around
so to speak
to take care of each other so that maybe he can do more
other family finds
who also wants to go on vacation the eligible to take us if the
Wake up time, in contrast, I would then take her pet
when they travel
and very
it is a nonsense that something like this is ever going to happen in our society
can become Brandts
it is really very sad and it is I do not understand it
I was not much to look for the sooner it is for him but quite honest DS
and me in my head
but unfortunately only his
and understanding that the problem is not
so it's important that parents approach the 40 year olds
many do
or when you realize that suddenly there is an animal way
betting
they are creatures and certainly the vet the diver this beautiful
Spoke of Gandhi